site/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: plenoptic
---

## Welcome to plenoptic!
<div class="badges" markdown="1">
[![PyPI Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/plenoptic.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/plenoptic/)
[![Anaconda-Server Badge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/plenoptic/badges/version.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/plenoptic)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.10151131.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10151131)
[![Github organization](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Organization-blue?logo=github)](https://github.com/plenoptic-org)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/plenoptic)
</div>
<code>plenoptic</code> is a python library for model-based synthesis of perceptual stimuli, intended for researchers in neuroscience, psychology, and machine learning. The stimuli generated by plenoptic enable interpretation of model properties through features that are enhanced, suppressed, or discarded.

{% include cards.html %}

## Credits

The plenoptic package was intially developed by members of the [Lab for Computational Vision](https://www.cns.nyu.edu/~lcv/) at New York University and is now maintained by [Billy Broderick](https://wfbroderick.com/).

Development and maintenance is supported by the Simons Foundation Flatiron Institute's [Center for Computational Neuroscience](https://www.simonsfoundation.org/flatiron/center-for-computational-neuroscience/).

Commit message:

move citation guide out of cards

site/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: plenoptic
---

## Welcome to plenoptic!
<div class="badges" markdown="1">
[![PyPI Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/plenoptic.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/plenoptic/)
[![Anaconda-Server Badge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/plenoptic/badges/version.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/plenoptic)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.10151131.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10151131)
[![Github organization](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Organization-blue?logo=github)](https://github.com/plenoptic-org)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/plenoptic)
</div>
<code>plenoptic</code> is a python library for model-based synthesis of perceptual stimuli, intended for researchers in neuroscience, psychology, and machine learning. The stimuli generated by plenoptic enable interpretation of model properties through features that are enhanced, suppressed, or discarded.

{% include cards.html %}

## <iconify-icon class="emoji" icon="mdi:book-education"></iconify-icon> [Citation guide](https://plenoptic.readthedocs.io/en/latest/citation.html)

If you use plenoptic in a published academic article or presentation, please cite us!

## Credits

The plenoptic package was intially developed by members of the [Lab for Computational Vision](https://www.cns.nyu.edu/~lcv/) at New York University and is now maintained by [Billy Broderick](https://wfbroderick.com/).

Development and maintenance is supported by the Simons Foundation Flatiron Institute's [Center for Computational Neuroscience](https://www.simonsfoundation.org/flatiron/center-for-computational-neuroscience/).
